---

copyright:

  years: 1994, 2019

lastupdated: "2019-07-19"

keywords: active control panel software, control panel licenses window, download license files, devices, canceling license

subcollection: bare-metal

---

{:shortdesc: .shortdesc}
{:codeblock: .codeblock}
{:tip: .tip}
{:screen: .screen}
{:new_window: target="_blank"}

# Managing software passwords
{: #cp_bpmanacctresp}

You can manage the passwords for the software on each device.
{:shortdesc}

## Before you begin
First, navigate to the device menu and ensure you have the correct account permissions to complete the tasks.

* Navigate to your console's device menu. For more information, see [Navigating to devices](/docs/bare-metal?topic=virtual-servers-navigating-devices).
* Ensure you have any necessary account permissions and device access. Only the account owner, or a user with the **Manage Users** classic infrastructure permission, can adjust the permissions.

For more information about permissions, see [Classic infrastructure permissions](/docs/iam?topic=iam-infrapermission#infrapermission) and [Managing device access](/docs/vsi?topic=virtual-servers-managing-device-access).

## Managing software passwords on devices

Each piece of software that is created on a device is assigned a password that is automatically generated by {{site.data.keyword.BluSoftlayer_notm}} infrastructure systems. Software passwords for each device are stored on the **Passwords** tab on the Device Details screen in the {{site.data.keyword.cloud_notm}} console.

After you access the software for the first time, change your passwords.

Optionally, you can store software credentials on the **Passwords** tab for each device. However, when you store passwords in the {{site.data.keyword.cloud_notm}} console, any person with access to the account and appropriate permissions can view those passwords.
